Stable-Baselines3 v1.0 (#354)
DLR-RM/stable-baselines3: README.md

Documentation is available online: [https://stable-baselines3.readthedocs.io/](https://stable-baselines3.readthedocs.io/)

## RL Baselines3 Zoo: A Training Framework for Stable Baselines3 Reinforcement Learning Agents

> [RL Baselines3 Zoo](https://github.com/DLR-RM/rl-baselines3-zoo) is a training framework for Reinforcement Learning (RL), together with a collection of trained agents, with tuned hyperparameters.

Reviewer: It's a little unclear what the connection between the hyperparams and agents is right now. Additionally the following sentence feels a bit redundant now you mention it's a training framework. How about:

```suggestion
[RL Baselines3 Zoo](https://github.com/DLR-RM/rl-baselines3-zoo) is a training framework for Reinforcement Learning (RL).
It provides scripts for training, evaluating agents, tuning hyperparameters, plotting results and recording videos.
In addition, it includes a collection of tuned hyperparameters for common environments and RL algorithms, and agents trained with those settings.
```
